Actually, what I am thinking, I am not sure whether this is right or wrong. Basically, what I have seen and what I heard of what's happening in our current situation is that we are in a current darkness. Basically, as we have two types, one is for internal and one is for external. Internal means our company, external means for our clients. So, basically the job model how we have is, for internal, we have only two or three types of openings. One is for recruiters, one is for operations, in the rare case for finance, IT, or HR. These are rare cases, but these are the only current internal job positions what we have. In future also we have, related to that only, we have standard JDs. And this can be updated or filled or added by HR team. Only one person is there, he is only one, there we don't need any approval or something. So, directly he uploads the job, right? Uploads in the portal or not, we don't have a right to portal, so just we had a JD, so we'll add it. But when it comes to the externalizer client, we will have multiple job positions. Basically, these jobs where we get through emails, as we discussed earlier also you know about this one. So, currently we want manual process, we are working on it, right? So, basically account managers, they'll get the main requirements, they'll share to their team. So, just I need your exact things and scenarios from your side. So, account manager will upload the JD, right now I'm just talking over there. What I'm saying is, in our portal now we have a JD, so we'll upload the JD. With the JD, here recruiters will not have the JD, only account managers will have the JD. What I mean to say is, here JD will be added by the account manager and he will share it to his team. So, for the current account managers, different JDs. Sometimes, there will be the JDs will be common for all. So, actually what I mean to say is, the job description, I mean the JDs should be common. It can be visible to everyone, all the JDs. But the thing is, they should get only access assigned jobs. Oh bro, I'm little full of confusion, can you give me clarity on this one?Actually, what will happen, what I'm saying is Accord Manager will get the JDS, multiple JDS He will split what he want to say to his team Right? Sometimes, all the Accord Managers will get same JDS but they will filterize and they will give what they want to do to his team Sometimes, all the Accord Managers and all the Altruists will work on same positions So, we don't have proper this thing Sometimes, it may be like this or sometimes, it may be like this So, what I need solution from you is how can we track this At least, not in the deeper or something At least, we can have some track like Who are using what type of things like that I'm asking But the thing is, here, JDS will be added only by Accord Managers And they also get through them Through admin, I mean from the management For the emails So, from there, they will share to the respective recruiters through email only But we are introduced in the portal, right? So, we have to plan accordingly what we can do I hope at least, I have been little bit of sense At least, I can make proper alignment of this one